Michael Bay-master of crapola	"The only director that can have a thousand insane things happening on screen at the same time and still the movie is boring and dull, story is stupid and plot is nonsensical and probably the worst melodramatic music ever.Another Bay another dud."
"Unsure Which is Shakier, the Cam or the Script"	What should be a fun action flick becomes literally unwatchable as the overuse of shaky cam causes even more headaches and eye rolls than a plot with holes big enough to drive an ambulance through.
More garbage from Bay	I made it 20 minutes and turned this hunk of crap off. This director needs to go away and retire. His movies have been garbage since like 2000. Do yourself a favor and skip this.
A hilarious bloodbath in a Bay's nightmare world	"Warning: this film can seriously damage your brain.The beginning of the film was ok and showed no red flags.Then grown men started talking like saucy 15-year-olds, and I got that feeling...like I've heard this before. Checked the director - Bay.Bingo.Then everything made perfect sense. Thirty-minute-long actions scenes with insane camera work - check. Surreal decision-making in a world that operates in Grand Theft Auto V logic - check. Blatant mockery of politically relevant topics - check.I can enjoy a Bay film, I love the Rock, and it's very similar. But this one is of complete insanity. It's so incredibly over the top you can't even see the top from here.And then Bay tries to do drama, and of course, it's excruciating.There's no reason to try to understand the story since it exists only in this nightmare world where everyone is aggressive, careless, stupid, and has no regard for their or others' lives.Pros: some decent action scenes and excellent acting by Gyllenhaal.Cons: it's a nightmare.Overall, it's..."
So bad its...	"...just bad. I was laughing my ass off at the movie for roughly the first half. It was just so ridiculous. Then it started taking itself too seriously, characters got killed off or forgotten about. It was just a mess.You don't think that you'd ever say that Michael bay is losing it, you know, because he never really had it to begin with. But man, it just stopped being funny even to laugh at and I started thinking that Mr. Bay might have a brain tumor or something.I hope all is well with you Mr. Bay."
Never Seen Such a Stupid Movie In My life	"Couldn't even get through this ridiculous, silly mess of a movie. No idea what Jake was thinking? I hope they paid him really well to star in this trash.Don't waste your time. And if you do, at least you were warned."
MIcheal Bay transforms to Micheal Bye	"I can not believe the one who made Armageddon rock Pearl Harbor twenty-five to fifteen years ago, made such a .... movie. For God's sake, do not make a film when there is no script. The whole story is absurd. A big orchestra for a small childish script."
Worst camera works in history!	Just less than half an hour in I'm already filled with nausea. Don't you guys have stuntmen? The camera works is worse than someone falling down a cliff and filming. Horrible!0 star!2 star for Jake Gyllenhaal
	1 star for the storythat's it. Never again Michael Bay's movie. Horrible!
Lame.	"No idea why the talented Jake Gyllenhaal would want to be in this mess of a movie. Cardboard cutout characters who utter painfully stupid dialogue in an underdeveloped plot. Its attempt to pay homage to paramedics, police officers, and surgeons is obvious and eye roll worthy. The most laughable scene is an operation being performed in the back of the ambulance while FaceTiming with a surgeon who is on a golf course and he's walking them through it. No wait - maybe its the paramedic using her hair clip to clamp a squirting artery. Not kidding. It's THAT bad!"
How do these get made and signed off?	"Amazingly bad. Bad acting, bad writing and esoteric bad story. The title should've been Cliche : the end.Don't waste bandwidth or time on this one, thank me later."
I needed an ambulance due to the nauseating shaky cam!	"Why Why Why..... it's not clever, it makes the audience feel like vomiting!This movie was actually quite good, if it wasn't for the absolutely horrendous shaky/zoom in/out camerawork!Please stop it, we hate it!!!"
Absolutely surreal	Remake of a Danish comedy in an attempt to make an action movie where the only good thing is the performance of all its actors.The director in his terrible line of not allowing the film to breathe without any break. The camera totally crazy shaking everywhere and getting to produce serious dizziness.