Absolutely moving	"Mark Wahlberg and Mel Gibson star in this unbelievable true story that will have you sobbing in tears when the lights turn on. From the opening scene to the end of the credits it's like your in the room watching them film this.Father Stu is not your ordinary faith base movie it is rated R for language throughout and to be honest this movie probably needed it. This in my opinion was probably one of Mark's better movies in years and same with Mel one of his best in years. They are great actors on their own, but every movie that they do together is a masterpiece.Like I said this is rated R so don't go in to this thinking it's a family film and I guess it is in the fact that it's a faith film, but just with tons of language. I highly recommend seeing Father Stu."
Good thing the movie was based on a real person	"Truth is stranger than fiction. I enjoyed the film but wish there had been subtitles. Sometimes some of the characters mumbled so much that even though there were extreme close ups with no distractions, many times I was unable to understand what was being said. I began to wonder if there was something wrong with my ability to follow the movie until afterward when I went in the restroom, I heard everyone in there saying the same thing. Probably some of the problem might have had to do with unfamiliar slang but most of it was the way the words were enunciated. Don't let that stop you from seeing it though. It is still worth seeing."
SUPERB! An absolute home run. Out of the box inspiration.	"An absolute home run in terms of character study and storytelling. This is hard-nosed faith based done right. It's an amazing amalgam of old school grit and honest reflection. It will forever hold the record for cussing and f-bombs for this subject matter. And, that's a good thing. The entire first act is set up and not what was expected at all. Back when awards actually mattered, Mark Wahlberg would have been a serious Oscar contender for his performance in this film. He, honest to God, (literally) delivers a masterpiece performance. His weight gain alone showed his commitment to doing justice to this work. Fr. Stu was an amazing individual whose growth and gifts through suffering will forever inspire those who watch this movie with an open heart and mind. A forever immortal that I personally will never forget thanks to this film."
I'm Not Even Religious And Saw This	"This movie is funnier than the ads will have you believe.The story is of a amateur (to put it kindly) boxer who is scrappy in life. He's told often that he can't do something or that life gives him hardship and his stubborn streak kicks in. To a lot of people, his persistence is read as silly and frustrating. To a lot of people he should be beaten to death in an alley somewhere in some small rural town he hails from. Until a fateful night which puts a lot of his life in perspective. Unfortunately, I don't feel that moment is enough to generate the turn of the cheek. But, writer/director Rosalind Ross was smart enough to show how little Stuart actually changes. He instead uses his blue-collar nastiness for good rather than evil. Funny to me, to say the least. I wish they would've played more in that world. Where people expect him to be pious and uptight but ends up being a thug in a collar. There may have been extra chuckles to be mined there, ala Harrison Ford getting ice cream on his face in ""Witness.""Wel..."
Refreshing inspiring movie	I haven't been to the theater to see a movie in years. I'm done with elitists morons in Hollywood. I saw Mark Wahlberg Mel Gibson and the word Father plus based on true story and I knew I'd pay to see this movie. I also know it won't get great reviews because Hollywood is stupid and look who they backed as President. I enjoyed this movie wAs ok with spending money to see it. I laughed and cried and I thank everyone who was involved in making this movie. The only way to fight the woke idiots is with our wallets.
Wonderful movie!	"I saw this when it came out here Friday afternoon, had a bad morning at work, decided out of no where to stop at the theater, which I've not been to in years... I really enjoyed the movie, the acting, all of it. Not to much keeps my attention these days.. Sometimes the echo in the theater kept me from hearing something right, but I am gladly/anxiously waiting for this to come out streaming somewhere, just to watch again. If it comes out on DVD, i might even buy that. Very happy I went, someone, somewhere guided me to there for a reason."
Fantastic	"Really enjoyed this film. It's surprisingly funny and made me laugh out loud quite a few times. Mark Whalberg gives an amazing performance and I got choked up at several scenes. Definitely enjoyed it a lot more than I was expecting. This is how Christian movies should be made; raw, real, and in a way that everyone can relate to. Bravo!"
Father Stu an emotional rollercoaster.	"I guess a lot of the movie critics were left a little bit cold by the film yet myself and the audience I was in had quite a different reaction. Most recent films I have watched seem to unspool with mostly indifference and forgettablity but this film evoked quite a bit of real heartfelt emotion and feeling that lasted long after walking out of the theatre. The difference here compared to other faith based films where the acting and direction is wooden and stilted with heavy handed didactic writing, this film seems grounded and utterly believable which gives it emotional heft and verisimilitude. Jacki Weaver and Mel Gibson are perfectly cast as the parents. It was quite refreshing to see working class people shown in a film without mockery,condescension or derision for a change. The one critique I have of the film is about the sound and the actors mumbling their lines where I think I missed maybe 30% of the dialogue. I was relieved when Malcolm McDowell showed up with his perfectly clipped British elocution...."
Fantastic!	"This was an amazing film. It was extremely inspiring, and very moving. The theatre was packed, and I heard many people crying. With a runtime of 2 hours and 4 minutes, some people might find it a little long. However, it was well worth it. The second half of the film really moved along nicely, and there were some funny scenes along the way. I really liked when Father Stu, Mark Wahlberg, went to speak to the prisoners. It was funny, and it showed how he had an excellent gift of connecting to people in a very simple way!"
redemption	"Greetings again from the darkness. Well, if you are going to make a movie about redemption and bettering one's self, who better to cast than Mark Wahlberg and Mel Gibson? Both men are stars who on multiple occasions have needed redeeming. Writer-director Rosalind Ross' first feature film is based on the true story of Stuart Long, and Mr. Wahlberg was so committed to the project that he funded production when others chose not to.OK, so maybe it's a bit of a stretch having Mr. Wahlberg play the guy who becomes a priest, but that's why they call it, ""the magic of Hollywood."" Stuart Long was a real person and his story is compelling and worth sharing. Wahlberg so believed this that he self-funded the production, and clearly gave his all in the performance. My advice to anyone watching the movie is to stay seated. Things move extremely fast ... and it's that expeditious approach to storytelling that gives this a bit of a movie-of-the-week feel. Here's what I mean by fast: We see Stu (Wahlberg) as a boxer. His p..."
POWERFUL experience for Christians of various denominations!	"I was hopeful when we went to see Father Stu last night...but I was not prepared for the depth of its various messages.Yes, there is lots of swearing (thus the R rating)...but that is who the guy actually was.Yes, it's very Catholic...because the guy became a Catholic and Wahlberg is a committed Catholic.But, despite those things...Father Stu had a few of the most simple yet profound Gospel explanations that I have seen in a film, Christian or otherwise.Additionally, the redemptive power of the Spirit is on full display as is the difficult subject of suffering vs. God's will and providence.I see every movie through a well developed Biblical worldview and process accordingly. Father Stu deeply touched my heart and Spirit, brought tears to my eyes several times, and left me almost speechless.I chose to Glorify God through the experience. I believe that is what Wahlberg has done to the best of his ability and understanding. I hope you will do the same."
"Laugh, cry, scream out loud!"	"An excellent true story that's got a timely message for everyone today. If you haven't seen it, put it on the TOP of your MUST SEE list. Has ALL THE FEELS, LAUGH,CRY,SCREAM OUT LOUD! ??Yes, I did all of these!But... Not really a kids movie, Rated R, F-Bombs, he led a rough life, but great medicine for healing a broken heart. It has multiple levels that will touch every single person who sees it, no matter what your life has been like. Markie Mark & Melie Mel make a great Fr/Son complex relationship portrayal!!!#FrStu #GoodFriday #Easter #Truth"
	P. S. Stay seated to the end of credits or you'll miss a funny Easter Egg!(bonus chuckle & my favorite part of going to movies- I love surprises!????)
Impressive movie making by a stellar cast and first time Director	"An incredible directing /editing job by Rosalind Rossi's as her first directorial debut. Mark Wahlberg as Father Stuart ""Stu"" Long, Jacki Weaver as Kathleen Long, Mel Gibson as Bill Long, and especially Teresa Ruiz as Carmen with Malcolm McDowell adding great weight to the production. I was especially impressed by the editing sequence during the injury to Mark Wahlberg. I was not enjoying the rude and foul behavior by his character at the beginning but by the conclusion of the film I was extremely impressed and glad that I sat through the entire movie without stop."
Really satisfying film based on a true story.....	"When I saw the trailer for this movie it looked interesting. But I saw the score from critics and it was pretty bad. This film is being called a faith based film. That is code for it must suck because it's made for Christians. Critics and Hollywood for that matter hate those films don't they? I am not Christian but I think it's so condescending to create a stigma around a film because it's subject matter may not appeal to some because it's about faith. Oh the horror!!! I'm not Christian or even that religious but that bothers me.This film is based on the true story of Father Stuart Long. Long us played but Mark Wahlberg. Stu is an ameteur boxer that is told he dlneeds to quit because a medical condition. We learn that Stu lost a brother when he was young and that he came from a broken home. Virtually no relationship with his father Bill played really well by a weathered and gruff Mel Gibson. He eventually meets Carmen, a latina Catholic girl named Carmen played by Teresa Ruiz which he immediately falls for..."
Mark Wahlberg deserves an Oscar.	"He really shows how dedicated he was to this film, his performance really shows. If he and Mel Gibson don't get nominated for there performances next year at the Academy Awards, then it's rigged.The story of Stuart Long(Mark Wahlberg) a former boxer now trying to be an actor, suddenly finds himself finding faith in god, now wanting to be a priest, much of the dismay of his friends and family.I really liked the film has a journey to get to where he needs to be. Mark Wahlberg is great has Father Stu, you the audience are the journey with him. Mel Gibson is also good has Stu's father, a broken down man, who feels guilty for his sins of the past. He and Wahlberg play off each other with such greatness. I hope this film will help find faith in GOD."
A Story of Loss and Renewed Faith	"The underlying story is one of a family who lost a child before the timeline of this movie...this destroys the family as it existed and starts Stu, dad, and mom down an irreversible course.Hollywood critics will surely balk at reviewing it at an accurate level since it deals with the truth of Hollywood sleaze and perversion.It doesn't shine a completely positive light on the Catholic Church but Hollywood doesn't really want anything remotely positive about the Church on the big screen...especially from A listers..."
This fighter should've taken a knee....	"5.8/10The story itself was pretty inspirational with the whole fighting for what you believe in and going for something that you set your heart to, but the depiction falls short. Further, the religious aspect isn't overly pushy and works well as intended, but I can tell this film won't be everyone's cup of tea, like Stu's father in the movie.Mark Wahlberg is only convincing to a certain extent, but he didn't seem to fit the role all too well. Certain aspects came out stronger than others such as when he reaches a point of desperation, but he fails to capture the cockiness that he's shown in previous films.The cinematography is pretty good and captures the visuals essence quite well. The score was enjoyable too and made some points throughout more emotional. However, it took too long to get to the emotional points and caused me to lose interest very quickly.Overall, the film won't be to everyone's taste. It's a great story with a great moral, but the film depiction falls short to capture that essence. Marky..."
Did not expect the ending!	Mark was OUTSTANDING! Everyone sat in the theater after the movie ended. He could have used prosthetics for the weight gain but instead he did it the hard way. True Mark Wahlberg fashion.Absolutely loved it! Mark deserves an Academy Award for this movie.
Best Movie I've Seen In A Long Time	"Loved this movie which is based on a true story. I thought it would be good from the trailers I watched, but I was blown away. So thankful to Mark Wahlberg for bringing Father Stu's story to the big screen. I can't recommend this movie enough."
Everyone should see this movie	Isn't a Marvel fake story but an amazing real story movie. Was amazing seeing this with friends and family. The part where he tried to change was so deep.