Incredible Twisted Body Horror Fairy Tale with So Much Heart	"Best movie I've seen at Sundance so far!Without giving much away, the story details the experiences of a 12 year old girl (Trinja) dealing with an emotionally manipulative mother projecting her own dreams onto her child. In the perfect blog worth life Trinja must inhabit she has to put down and discard all her emotions and feelings to please her mom.Everything changes when she discovers the egg and finally finds a place for these feelings. What follows from there is a truly scary story with more heart than anything I may have ever seen.The metaphors and messages are never heavy handed but stay rooted in this incredible horror story. The director here isn't using horror to convey her message but making an amazing horror movie and then letting the viewer unpack the symbolism of each scene for themselves. It might be a truly flawless movie that I can't wait for the world to see it. It juggles the scary and disturbing between the sweet and tender in a way that must be seen to be believed.See this movie when an..."
The Is a Wet Puppet and I Know That's the Important Part for Certain Audience	"... and it's actually an excellent wet puppet at that.But the film is about more than that. It does have a very topical theme as we have been learning more and more about how manipulative social media can be and how depressing seeing the seemingly perfect lives of others can be. Well, the calculated image the family is forced to maintain by the domineering matriarch might not reflect reality, or from another point of view, living a public life brings it's own burdens.In the first act we see the mother maintaining the branding she has cultivated for the family on her blog. While shooting more material, a blackbird smashes into the room and causes plenty of chaos before Tinja, our main character, manages to catch it. While Tinja would like to set the bird free, mother just kills it instead and instructs Tinja to get rid of it. Next night, Tinja hears the cawing of the bird, which hadn't died after all and managed to get out of the compost bin. Tinja tries to help it, but can't, so she ends up mercy killing i..."
a bird in the hand	"Greetings again from the darkness. The exceptionally creepy creature leads us to believe this could be a terrific new addition to the creature feature genre. However, director Hanna Bergholm and screenwriter Ilja Rautsi expend so much time and energy on the metaphor aspect that we feel a bit bludgeoned by the end. Despite some wonderful horror elements, we find ourselves thinking, 'alright, already ... just stick with the creepy stuff!'We open in a beautiful home with pristine design features, where a beautiful mother (Sophia Heikkila) is filming her beautiful family for her vlog, appropriately titled ""Lovely Everyday Life."" Of course, we all know what happens to perfect little families in movies - the façade cracks. We get our first taste of beautiful mother's not-so-beautiful true nature as she deals with the crow that flies in through an open window and destroys some of the beautiful decorations displayed in the home. Things get interesting when Tinja (a superb Siiri Solalinna), the 12-year-old gymnast ..."
Emminantly Okay	"If this was in English, the rating would be half of what it was. It's just okay. It's there, it moves, and then, it's over. You can read deeper meaning into it if you want, people have told me things about my scripts that I'm pretty certain weren't there, either. Nicely made and acted, but eventually, it's a big so what?."
Solid Body Type Horror Movie from Finland	"Saw this back at the 2022 Sundance Film FestivalFinland cinema isn't common for me to see as there isn't many Finland movies that are really widely known in the United States. Having only seen a few films from director Aki Kaurismäki which I really like, I was looking forward to seeing another film from Finland. Especially a horror movie from Finland. After viewing the movie, it was a solid horror movie.Director Hanna Bergholm understands how to make the movie engaging with some interesting writing aspects of the movie and including some really amazing disturbing make up for the costumes. The set production is really colorful and bright. Making the feeling of the world is like some kind of fantasy. The musical background fits the tone pretty well and the performances from the cast is pretty good. Even the child actors did a pretty good job. Usually I am picky on child actors but here they did a pretty good job. There's a good level of decent gore and tense presented in this movie which helps add the movies..."
This is a fresh entry into the horror genre that I would consider a must see	"Hatching (2022) is a Finnish Horror movie my wife and I caught in theatres this weekend. The storyline follows a little girl who finds a unique crow and it's egg and decides to bring the egg home and nurture it through birth. She would never guess what comes out of the egg... Meanwhile her parents are going through a divorce and there's troubles at home.This movie is directed by Hanna Bergholm in her directorial debut and stars Sophia Heikkilä (Invisible Heroes), Jani Volanen (Rumble), Oiva Ollila and Siiri Solalinna.The storyline for this is very creative and unique. The characters are very well cast and the mother is portrayed perfectly by Heikkilä. The little girl was a bit annoying at times, but there's so much to like about this movie. The creature evolves well over time and they use great special effects to make it happen. The feeding scenes were ultra gross and hard for me to watch. The use of sound effects were excellent and made me cringe in many scenes. There's also some really good jump scenes a..."
Ambitious and intellectual Finnish horror movie	"This horror movie was interesting, ambitious and smart.The basic idea of a young girls's struggle to have acceptance and love from her demanding mother was extremely well made. The leading actress, young Siiri Solalinna does a perfect job. There is something really sinister in the suburb of white immaculate houses surrounded by a dark Finnish forest.The movie is quite intellectual which makes the film to be rather unattached from the emotional side of the audience. I mean that I did not really care on emotional level what happens but was curious about the plot development the whole time. Accordingly, the ending is satisfactory on intellectual level but not on emotional level.This is one of the first high-quality horror movies ever made in Finland. I was quite delighted about the freshness of the film. I hope that this is a good start for others to follow. It is always interesting when something new emerges in the film scene here. Kudos to the whole team who made this nice horror film!"
this was just okay	"Interesting, ambitious, creative, weird, and well-made but something just didn't sit right for me. My favorite part was the wallpaper in the girl's room. This wasn't scary but it was gross in a body horror and lots of vomit way. Overall, this was just okay."
Propably the worst movie I've seen in five years	"It says alot about a movie when the best performing actor is Reino Nordin, I suppose he did ok. Main actress did the most she could considering how young she was. The rest of the cast was atrocious. I wanted to leave from the movie theatre after the first minute of absolute cringefest.If you want to watch this movie, by any means do not pay money for it. These other reviewes are extremely misleading, but I think they didn't see the movie from a native speaker's perspective.The makeup was banging, but it couldn't save the movie. The story had potential, but the acting butchered it."
Mostly wasted potential	"The movie is trying so hard to be horror but fails spectacularly at that during the first 15 minutes by missing one of the most basic things that make horror films scary: you do not fully introduce the monster/bad/evil/whatever to the audience at first. You keep building tension and giving small clues all the way to the end, and then do the big reveal. I'm not saying that this is the only acceptable way to write horror, but at least in this movie the deviation from that formula does not work, in my opinion.After that huge blunder in the beginning, I was basically waiting for the movie to end. This is really unfortunate, since I think the topic of the film has a lot of potential. But no amount of sound effects, camera work, gore, ear-shattering screams or cheap, predictable jump scares is going to make me scared, because the tension is already ruined. CGI/puppet monsters are just not that scary to me. What is scary is the unknown. Horror movies usually scare me quite easily, but I wasn't even the slightest ..."
Hatching from its species	"A Finnish film about a young, Finnish girl growing an egg inside her household what turns later into a living nightmare. It has some good jumpscare aspects and horror elements in it as well. Stick around until the ending because I did not expect the ending to go that far. It is a good horror film overall."
It's movies like this that make me love Independent film!	"I watched this little gem at my local Independent Theater last night. When the movie ended and people were walking out of the theater, I noticed that at least half of the people had big smiles on their faces, as did I. I was thinking about this movie the rest of the night and the first thing when I woke up this morning. This is such a gutsy movie to have made and I applaud everyone involved."
ORIGINAL AND FRESH	So horror movie fans - we need to watch this film!!!!This is a good solid animatronic horror movie. I'm going to buy this I will probably see it several more times.Finally something different and LITTLE TO NO CGI. I really appreciate the new and cool takes on horror coming from other countries.Thanks Finland.
