Liam Neeson strikes again....	"5.5/10This was one of those movies that could've gone straight to home release and been more enjoyable. However, it goes to theatres and becomes a bit of a disappointment. The acting was mediocre, the story has a moment of strength then collapses, and it's just the same old plot with a slightly different twist.The acting by Liam Neeson and Guy Pearce was good. I found that Neeson was stronger this time around compared to some of his other latest roles, and Pearce fit the role of FBI agent quite well. However, some of the major supporting just didn't seem to care at times. They lacked passion in the role or felt a little awkward.The concept of the film was interesting. Guy is an assassin and taking on one last job until it interferes with his personal code. Then he turns around and begins killing those who've wronged him on the mission, but not without the difficulty of memory loss.On paper it seems like a cool movie with cool characters and a relatively strong story that would be enjoyable. Until you watch..."
Liam Neeson	"I desperately hope I'd see a film starring Liam Neeson that is similar to ""Taken"" and I mean the first one, he could do so much better with his career, such a deep voice and an astonishing charisma."
Ironically forgettable on many levels	"LIKES:It moves: While not the most adrenaline packed pace I love, Memory does move fairly well in terms of getting into the meat of the movie. No prolonged speeches, little set up, or even an attempt at putting mystery is present in this film. For the action/thriller genre, that works quite well, and that consistency should keep most fans involved in the film until the very end where things start to hit the brakes.The Mood/Cinematography: While not the groundbreaking work that films like Dune and 1917 have mastered, Memory's camera crew has accomplished a lot in the use of the film techniques put on display. Filters help establish a lot of the darker tone of the film, with lighting accomplishing much in this film to bring out the mood of the tone. It helps add finesse to the characters, almost a brief glimpse into the minds of the group and what their actions are representing. Angles and placement eventually accomplish a lot as well, the close ups, the editing and the use of focus changes being a real winn..."
More like a 6.5 but it is a typical Liam film	"Actually one of Liam's better films; reasonable good from the beginning to the end. Steady with a few peaks and valleys but the rest of the case does help round it all out and keeps things going. Better than his last one. Overall, given what is available now (kids, sci-fi, gory) this is a nice evening out."
Has it come to this Liam?	I can't figure out what was worse - the writing or the acting? I feel bad actors like Liam Neeson and Monica Belucci were in this movie. Maybe they had bills to pay.
Better than expected.	"I don't like to give away too much about any movie because I enjoy going in cold. It's more exciting that way and when you find a little gem the surprise makes it all the better. I was very surprised by how good this one is.The acting was good, the story was interesting and while there isn't a ton of action, the action we get is quick and brutal. It felt a little reminiscent of both 40's Noirs and gritty 70s crime movies. All in all I'm glad i didn't pay attention the some of the reviews and the rating.Memory is a significant step up from the Liam Neeson movies of the past few years."
An improvement for Neeson	"Memory is certainly an improvement over ""The Marksman"" and ""Blacklight,"" as it does have more committed performances from Liam Neeson and Guy Pearce. Their resonant work makes this a breezily watchable experience.There is also an attempt to take on its government corruption themes with a little more intelligence than lesser thrillers have shown in the past.Unfortunately, none of this stops this film from being a largely dull, uninspired rehash of generic action movie plot points that have been done better in dozens of other, better movies.The action sequences are almost completely bereft of thrills, just going for shot/reverse shot during shootouts and shoddy choreography during fights.Each character is reduced to what they do for a living, not really having much of a personality or set of convictions beyond that.Lastly, the ""unreliable memory of the protagonist"" concept is barely used in the story. It could have been used to create a mystery to the events that unfold and what is actually real, but it isn'..."
Very solid action thriller	I don't want to spoil anyone but I barely see trailers and I just saw 4 main actors I enjoy. Guy Pearce the true lead actor here with of course Liam Neeson doing a strong lead hit man here. Ray Stevenson and Monica belluci in minor but very important roles. But the one that shine the most is Guy Pearce. It's been a while I have seen him in a good role. He did a few B movies that were ok but here he truly give all on the role. If you enjoy Martin Campbell work like
	The November Man. You will enjoy a lot. Sure he did Bond movies. Here it's not and that's perfect that way.
very boring	Watching this movie is slightly better than watching paint dry. Absolutely pathetic actung and story doesn't interest much. Last 10 minutes was slightly interesting.
Memory-Totally Forgettable	"OK. In Memory they once again take Liam Neeson out of the Really Old Actors Home, dust him off, check to make sure he still has a pulse, and stick him front of a camera. This time he plays a killer. But with morals. Oh and Alzheimers. That might explain why he keeps forgetting he used to star in award winning movies where he didn't have to play the worlds oldest action hero. When he refuses to do a job 'cause he has to kill a 13-year old girl (possibly using his AARP card) they send somebody else to do it and to knock off Liam too. Don't know why they bother when he's gonna cash it in from advanced old age soon anyway. So he hobbles his way through a bunch of so-so action scenes leaving a trail of dust, cobwebs, and empty Ben-gay tubes in his wake. He drives around with his left turn signal on, complains that his kids never call and can't understand why youngsters listen to that dam hippity-hop music. (Kidding) Other than that you've pretty much seen all the rest in other, better movies with much, much you..."
Neeson's acting chops are on display in full force	"Just like Charles Bronson did, if Liam Neeson keeps making the Revenge flicks , I'll keep watching them !!I knew this flick was going to be good as I saw the previews while attending other movies in the theater , I was not disappointed.This film centers around some dark and twisted topics with loose moral fiber in spades . Neeson's latest movie chalked full of extreme gun violence and has a very talented supporting cast . This impressive ensemble, following Guy Pearce as FBI agent Vincent Serra, Monica Belushi as despicable CEO Davana Sealman, a shady detective played by Ray Stevenson, and more criminal investigators played by Taj Atwal and Harold Torres, somewhat rounding things out.MEMORY follows Alex Lewis (Liam Neeson), an expert assassin with a reputation for discreet precision. Caught in a moral quagmire, Alex refuses to complete a job that violates his code and must quickly hunt down and kill the people who hired him before they and FBI agent Vincent Serra (Guy Pearce) find him first. Alex is built ..."
So bad I walked out after 20 mins.	"Liam Neeson has finally ""jumped the shark"" with his last 2 movies. The cinematography, Neeson's acting, or lack of, and sub par quality made this unwatchable. This is the 2nd Neeson movie I've walked out of this year. There won't be a 3rd. Save your money. I wouldn't even recommend renting this at Red Box where it will likely be in about a week."
Social messages	I love this movie . It is more about sending moral and ethical message to the world than only a dramatic story. It is sending a message that even though someone can be a serial millet but it is unethical to accept such acts from a father who try to sell his minor daughter for child traffickers and sometimes people hide their true intentions by using good will organizations for unethical acts . Not everything that shines means gold .