Simple start...	"""Morbius"" is an Action - Adventure movie in which we watch Dr. Michael Morbius, a biochemist trying to find the cure behind an extremely rare blood disease. He infects himself and he is completely changed by it.I have to admit that I do not understand the reason behind the low rating of this movie. I am not saying that it's a masterpiece and it does not have any flaws but it does not also worth that low rating. I can understand that it's small duration didn't help the main character to evolve and I believe that there was not enough time for the end of it. The interpretations of both Jared Leto who played as Dr. Michael Morbius and Matt Smith who played as Milo were good and their combination worked very well. To sum up, I have to say that ""Morbius"" is a nice, entertaining action movie and I recommend you to watch it because I am sure you will enjoy it and I advise you to lower your standards before watching it otherwise you will be disappointed."
An absurd movie	"I collected comics, specifically Marvel/Spider-Man. Spidey was my favorite and this character, Morbius, was one of my favorite to battle Spider-Man. This aside, I won't bother presenting my detailed autopsy of this travesty. I will say that they strayed too far from the original story and made things convoluted. Why couldn't they just keep it simple. Instead they went off the rails with a ridiculous script. They took a rich and vibrant comic story and took a giant dump on it."
Overdone CGI and editing aside- I enjoyed this one	"Entertaining and very atmospheric, Morbius manages to serve up yet another helping of campy superhero indulgence despite many little flaws. I'll start off with the problems I had with this film- that mainly being its blatant editing and CGI. I know many people say this about a lot of superhero films, but coming from a horror lovers perspective- as well as fitting the atmospheric and tone Life director Daniel Espinosa seemed to pair within it- this movie really should have been rated R. It feels like Sony really did censor and edit this one as much as they could have, with the blood and violence being as limited as possible. It takes away from the experience as a whole, one moment in particular where a man acts like his throat is cut open but there is LITERALLY NOTHING THERE. Unsurprisingly, as with the case with a lot of films like this, the CGI can be a bit overused at times. For the most part I liked the look of vampire blood hungry Morbius taken on by Jared Leto- but other similar CGI and at times that ..."
Morbius	"6/10 - I don't know what all the fuss is about with this one when the quality matches that of either Venom movie and while I didn't love the visual design of the vampires, I thought the cinematography, VFX, sound design, and Adria Arjona (who is now on my ""Actors to Watch"" list) really elevated the relatively weak story."
A toothless and inept Marvel offering	"Delayed a total of 6 times on its way to its eventual release this week around the world, Sony and Marvel's collaboration to bring its anti-hero Dr. Michael Morbius to life appeared to be one of those cursed productions that was doomed from the start and upon seeing this toothless and spineless comic book adaptation on the big screen its safe to say that the world would've been far better off had Morbius stayed delayed permanently.An incredibly inept feature from director Daniel Espinosa, who somehow keeps getting Hollywood films to make with significant budgets and name brand casts despite never actually directing a good film, Morbius feels far removed from most brands associated with the Marvel name as its $75 million dollar budget is nowhere to be found on screen as a blur of video game like CGI, amateurishly scripted scenes and poorly acted characters hog the films lifeless 100 minute runtime that can't come to an end quick enough.Failing as an origin story, with Michael's entire history set-up in one ..."
People need to learn to enjoy movies without comparing them	"This is not your favourite huge budget Marvel movie like No Way Home, this is a introductory film of a somewhat niche character and if you compare any comic film to something like No Way Home it will fall flat. I went into this with an open mind and I had an enjoyable time. It's a different type of Marvel film with dark humour and I enjoyed myself while watching it. I am familiar with the character and have read the comics and I was not disappointed with what Leto and Smith respectively brought to their roles. I think if you are able to enjoy a film without nitpicking at it then you'll have fun with this."
Morbius is another interesting yet scattered offering from the Sony-verse that delves into the more horror aspects of this anti hero.	Much like venom it seems people are going to either love or hate anything from the Sonyverse. Some hate it because it's not in the MCU and still uses characters from the MCU spiderverse. Some love it for its more dark delivery and darker comedy. I actually enjoy what Sony is doing by making movies for the more vicious anti heroes while making them grounded for the most part. The MCU rarely touches on those important details. Morbius is very much like the first venom in its set up. Gives a nice origin story with some intriguing body horror and more gruesome than normal imagery for a comic book film. Definitely has some scattered plot pieces but it's serviceable. Also leaves more room for expansion in the world if the Sonyverse. Leto was great imo and still proves he's a fantastic actor. Visuals are very effective and vibrant. Overall the film is what I expected and it was solid.
"Bloodless, okay action, and could be worse."	3.5 out of 5 stars.Morbius is a pretty fair superhero film that may be thin on plot and decent action sequences. It does add an entertaining adaptation bringing in another character that is supposedly a Spider man villain. May not be as fun as the Venom movies. Jared Leto does a great job playing a sick Dr. Michael Morbius. Who is on a desperate search for a cure from his blood borne illness. Which one will be leading him into becoming a vampire. Adria Arjona also did great playing his love interest. Matt Smith is a bit flat with his character and also playing a villain that is one dimensional and forgettable. Jared Harris playing as Morbius mentor is also thin with his character. Along with Tyrese Gibson which the script did not give these characters anything more besides be on the hunt for Morbius.The film is very fast paced. And the script does not give much character development with any of the supporting characters besides Michael and Martine (Adria Arjona). The plot is thin and may not be as strong. ...
"Not great, but I liked it more than The Eternals"	"Michael Morbius(Jared Leto) a doctor who is slowly dying from a rare blood disease, struggles to find a cure, when he thinks he has, but things work a little too well, until he discovers there's more supernatural to it, then he could have imagined.It was entertaining, but to much feels taken out, like it was supposed to be R rated, but they decided at the last minute decided to take out most of the violence in order to get a PG 13. Everybody plays there roles pretty well. Jared Leto does alright has Morbius, but the film itself is pretty cliched, but still fun and entertaining, and if that is all you want then Morbius does deliver."
Turned out to be rather enjoyable...	"I have to admit that I had really been looking forward to watching ""Morbius"" ever since I saw the first trailer. And having been reading the comic books, I will say that Michael Morbius is one of my favorite Marvel characters, so it was nice that the character was finally brought to the big screen.But then the movie was delayed and delayed again, and once finally out a lot of bad reviews were swarming the movie, so I was actually somewhat reluctant and hesitant about actually sitting down to watch it. But I decided to ignore the bad reviews and go see how the movie would treat the comic book character.Writers Matt Sazama and Burk Sharpless managed to put together a fair enough storyline. I will say that it was aimed more at an audience fully and wholly unfamiliar with the Michael Morbius character. And I can understand that approach to the first movie with the character, as to introduce a whole new audience of viewers to the character, and not go in on the deep end and do fan service to us whom have been r..."
Surprisingly Good...	Well movie start with a good note and it keeps you gripping throughout the time. Action sequences are mind-blowing specially the vfx are actually very better. Jared Leto was so perfect in Morbius role as well as the other cast perfoms well. Story was simple not that great but it gives you a different vibe as compare to other sci-fi films. It's a one-time watch if you like sci-fi superhero films.You can definitely enjoy once....
Venom doesn't seem too bad now	"No surprises this was awful. Jared Leto is terrible and Matt Smith was annoying. CGI was laughingly bad and the slow-mo action and wonky editing made things borderline unwatchable. Writing was all over the place too with some terrible dialogue. There's little fun and it took itself way too seriously. Honestly, this made Venom seem alright in comparison.2/10."
"It's okay, and you'll be okay."	"FIRST OFF: I scrolled down through some of these reviews, I understand, and agree with some of the criticisms I see about this film, others.. well I can just see you really want Spidey & Company back at Marvel & I do believe it does help cloud the judgement just a bit & I get it, now am I saying this movie is perfect? NO. Is it good? Well, no. But it's okay. To go to the extreme that this movie is the second coming of Fantastic Four (2015) is an extreme to me, and If you disagree, you are entitled to your opinion, but I will just advise you to go rewatch it again.Morbius is a cool little movie, that I see as a bigger risk than any of the previous spider-man related projects it has dropped, while I, being a comic reader for most of my life wasn't jumping for joy when it was announced, I threw my respect for trying it at least. The product was what I pretty much expected; the films' story does what it can with what very little it has to work with, it's not groundbreaking, but I will say I was able to look th..."
Anorexic Weak Mess	"By any means this is not a good movie with interesting story and well-written characters. It's hard to determine, but maybe ""Morbius"" won the prize for the weakest film in SSU (Sony's Universe) and honestly it does with ease.Leto is ""okay"" in the role of Michael Morbius, the problem is that the role itself is not very well written. Matt Smith is the one who had the most fun with his role, everyone else is just there.The story is exactly what you expect to see - 90% similar to the previous two ""Venom"" movies, so there is no big mystery to unravel.The effects are pretty...how to say it...for the most part bad for a comicbook movie in 2022. Let's not forget that this movie was supposed to come out in 2020, initially before ""No Way Home"". However, I'm not sure that the people who worked on it did their job in the extra 2 years time, because...well I'll leave that to you.The main reason someone to be interested in this film is to understand how everything connects, given the easter eggs from the trailers. Well,..."